changelog entry for dnd meta (#1952)
quiltdata/quilt: docs/CHANGELOG.md

## CLI

## Catalog, Lambdas

> * [Added] Support filling package metadata by dropping a JSON file into metadata controls ([#1950](https://github.com/quiltdata/quilt/pull/1950))

Author: ```suggestion
* [Added] Fill package metadata by dropping a JSON file into metadata controls ([#1950](https://github.com/quiltdata/quilt/pull/1950))
```
